Bharati Handwriting Keyboard is a handwriting based input tool for text entry in Indian scripts. <a href="www.bharatiscript.com">Bharati script</a> is a simple and unified script which can be used to write most major Indian languages. It is designed using simplest shapes, often borrowing simple characters from various Indian languages/scripts and English. Scripts supported are: Hindi/Marathi (Devanagari), Tamil, Telugu, Gujarati, Punjabi (Gurmukhi), Bengali, Oriya, Kannada and Malayalam. The mapping between Bharati characters and the characters of the Indian languages listed above is given in help pages within the app. Few sample words are given as well.

Bharati Handwriting Keyboard can be used to enter Indian language text in any app that involves a text input. Once the text editor is open, a writable area pops up. The user must choose a language from the drop-down menu. The user then writes Bharati characters on the writing area with a stylus or a finger. The handwritten characters will be recognized by the app and converted into the Indian language/script selected and displayed as fonts. Bharati Handwriting Keyboard can be conveniently used for Indian language texting

To select Bharati keyboard go to: settings -> language & input: select Bharati keyboard. If Bharati keyboard does not appear on this list of keyboards shown on this page, click on ‘Choose keyboards’ at the bottom. Enable ‘Bharati Handwriting Keyboard’

The app can be found <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iitm.bharatikeyboard">here in Google Play</a> and <a href="https://www.amazon.com/Bharati-Script-Handwriting-Keyboard/dp/B01MQNPKWQ/">here in Amazon Appstore</a>
